Author:Bwild Parx
Copyright:CC-0

Bwild Parx : Sandbox-0 by ACME Prims 



------------MORE--------------
When creating OARs please do not use items that are currently being sold at Second Life Marketplace or Kitely Market.
It defeats the creator’s purpose which is trying to sell their merchandise.
Please try to identify the sources and licenses of mesh or other items and give them credit.

Scripts: Please check to make sure they are working before submitting the OAR.
Check Top Scripts and try to minimize the number and run-time of scripts. 
If you have any script with just a state_entry, just delete the script.
The reason is it only runs once, and then takes up a substantial chunk of memory from then on.   

DMCA POLICY: 

If you are the creator of an item and do not want it to be distributed, please contact the creator of the OAR and their Grid owner, and send a DMCA notice to them.
You may copy the Outworldz registrar which you can find at the U.S. Copyright office at https://dmca.copyright.gov/osp/

For takedown notices to be legally effective, they must be provided to a service provider's designated agent in writing and include substantially the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)(A). Upon receipt of a complaint takedown notice, a service provider must respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity. If a service provider fails to do so, it may lose its safe harbor protection and be subject to an infringement suit.
